OSDOCS-21023: Add 4.21.27 z-stream release notes (#117014)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/zstream-4-21-27.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * release_notes/ocp-4-21-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="zstream-4-21-27_{context}"]
= RHSA-2026:48670 - {product-title} {product-version}.27 bug fix and security update

Issued: 04 August 2026

[role="_abstract"]
{product-title} release {product-version}.27 is now available. The list of fixed issues that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2026:48670[RHSA-2026:48670] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2026:48668[RHBA-2026:48668] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.21.27 --pullspecs
----

[id="zstream-4-21-27-fixed-issues_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

> * Before this update, the installation program did not support the {azure-short} Government API version `2019-11-01` for `storageAccounts`, which caused the installation program to fail. As a consequence, users were unable to create clusters in {azure-short} Government environments. With this release, the {azure-short} client has been updated to support the correct API version for `storageAccounts`. As a result, {azure-short} Government users can now successfully create clusters while using boot diagnostics with a custom storage account. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-76522[OCPBUGS-76522])

Reviewer: Is this link correct? It goes to "INTERNAL TICKET: Recovering from clusters that automatically updated to v4.18 kubevirt-hyperconverged-operator despite running older OCP", which is set to _Security Level: Red Hat employee_.

Author: @mburke5678 The link is incorrect. I corrected it to OCPBUGS-765**5**2.

* Before this update, the upgrade to the multicluster engine (MCE) for Kubernetes Operator 2.11.0 caused incorrect cluster network classless inter-domain routing (CIDR) validation. This issue falsely flagged Open Virtual Networking (OVN) internal interfaces as conflicting with CIDR. As a consequence, deployment issues with OVN-Kubernetes networking occurred in MCE 2.11.0. With this release, the CIDR validation logic in MCE 2.11.0 excludes OVN-Kubernetes internal overlay IP addresses from conflict detection. As a result, KubeVirt node pools do not report false cluster network conflict issues after upgrading to MCE 2.11.0. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-97922[OCPBUGS-97922])

> * Before this update, when telemeter-client availability flickered because of monitoring pod restarts or node disruptions, the Console Operator produced different ConfigMap content on each sync cycle. As a consequence, continuous console pod rollouts deleted in-memory sessions and logged users out of the {product-title} web console approximately every five minutes. With this release, the telemetry configuration always produces a stable key set regardless of telemeter-client availability. As a result, unnecessary console pod rollouts are prevented and you are not logged out unexpectedly. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-98987[OCPBUGS-98987])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, when telemeter-client availability flickered because of monitoring pod restarts or node disruptions, the Console Operator produced different config map content on each sync cycle. As a consequence, continuous console pod rollouts deleted in-memory sessions and logged users out of the {product-title} web console approximately every five minutes. With this release, the telemetry configuration always produces a stable key set regardless of telemeter-client availability. As a result, unnecessary console pod rollouts are prevented and you are not logged out unexpectedly. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-98987[OCPBUGS-98987])
```
or

```suggestion
* Before this update, when telemeter-client availability flickered because of monitoring pod restarts or node disruptions, the Console Operator produced different `ConfigMap` content on each sync cycle. As a consequence, continuous console pod rollouts deleted in-memory sessions and logged users out of the {product-title} web console approximately every five minutes. With this release, the telemetry configuration always produces a stable key set regardless of telemeter-client availability. As a result, unnecessary console pod rollouts are prevented and you are not logged out unexpectedly. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-98987[OCPBUGS-98987])
```

* Before this update, cron job objects with specified `.spec.timeZone` fields caused the kube-state-metrics (KSM) pod to fail and stop reporting all cluster metrics. With this release, the KSM pod skips cron jobs with unparseable schedules instead of failing. A new `kube_cronjob_schedule_invalid` metric identifies these specific issues. As a result, the KSM pod remains stable and continues serving metrics for all cluster resources, even when individual cron jobs have schedules or time zones that cannot be parsed. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-99400[OCPBUGS-99400])

> * Before this update, Alertmanager crashed because the `tzdata` package was missing in the {product-title} base images, This issue caused the absence of the `/usr/share/zoneinfo` directory. As a consequence, Alertmanager pods failed to start, which made time-based alerts inaccessible for the time zones. With this release, the `tzdata` package has been reinstated in {product-title} images. As a result, Alertmanager does not crash on startup when location fields are present in the `active_interval` or `mute_interval` entries. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-99446[OCPBUGS-99446])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, Alertmanager crashed because the `tzdata` package was missing in the {product-title} base images. This issue caused the absence of the `/usr/share/zoneinfo` directory. As a consequence, Alertmanager pods failed to start, which made time-based alerts inaccessible for the time zones. With this release, the `tzdata` package has been reinstated in {product-title} images. As a result, Alertmanager does not crash on startup when location fields are present in the `active_interval` or `mute_interval` entries. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-99446[OCPBUGS-99446])
```
